The will was sent back to the capital
Wang Ming was ordered to assist in governance
Crown Prince Sikong Sheng successfully ascended the throne
And changed the era name to Taian the following year
Posthumously titled the late Emperor Sikong Yao as Wu
Historically known as Emperor Xuanwu
The second year of Taian
Sikong Sheng moved the capital to Yong'an
Fulfilled the long-cherished wish to return to the old capital
The same year
Sikong Sheng enfeoffed Sikong Xu as Prince of Yan
Giving him the responsibility to expand territory
While he himself governed the court
Focusing on governance
Sikong Sheng once joked
War by the Prince of Yan, governance by me
The two worked together
Becoming a timeless tale
Come, Yu'er
Your Majesty, coming, coming
Your Majesty
Your Majesty, your younger brother has not failed the mission
You rascal
These years Xunyang has been in Yan Dong
Second brother was afraid they'd bully you
Fortunately, Murong of Yan Dong knows his place
These years he's been respectfully serving little sister
Your Majesty said to find an opportunity to put him in his place
Your younger brother, it's hard to hit a smiling face
Alright, let's go
Rare reunion
First tell Father
That we've brought Xunyang back
Let's go
During Sikong Sheng's reign
Xuan Kingdom reached its peak
All lands submitted
Received tribute from all nations
Border peoples requested to join
Honoring Sikong Sheng as Heavenly King
Historically known as the Taian Golden Age